So guys here in this section that says no let's build a professional business WordPress website.
This is a culprit's day Lipsyte the very going to be building and this is the most professional web
site ever going to build.
And this is how it will look so you can see that we have the logo here.
We have this number and everything.
And we have some contact and the menus right here.
We have the about us and we have to contact us and see these menu also have these icons as well if I
just hope my mouse or here we go down and we have our services section you can see how sleek and elegant
design it is.
OK.
We go down and we have a call to action Burton that Hayes Freke vest a free consultation.
OK we go down and we have how the four sections it says you submit a request to be call you you accept
your court we do your work OK.
And then we go down and it says the events we have done so these are the events that we have done here.
So this is how they are coming and then we have declined reviews as well.
OK we go to the About page.
So this is the about page if I just click here you can see how this is working.
OK.
And I go down and you can see we have the parallax effect.
You can see this Mike is still here.
But if you go down you can see how Mike position is being changed.
OK.
We have this effect and then we have these right here.
OK so if we go to the contact page right now than in the Contact page you can see we have the find a
stab and we have this tab and we have a form right here where a person can just enter his name email
address phone number and he is just going to submit it and then he will show how to capture.
So he had all he has to just enter like 15 plus 10 which is 25 and then he if he answers correct then
his form will be submitted.
Otherwise it will give an error.
So we go down and we have a map here as well.
So this is how we will be building a website like this.
This is the most professional and thousand eighteen bays that say you guys mostly people do build web
site.
This type of platform so this will be such an amazing show in the next video we will be working up with
that.